hey this is Cambridge blog too so I've
just cycled to Selwyn which is further
on the license or I've got a super
mission here today it's my first one so
see how it goes I've put my mask but
clipped I did over the summer I said the
lectionary it's most of it's been
recapping a double stuff so far that's
fine
yeah just put my bike professional
cyclist now
[Music]
so I've come to Emmanuelle college
because I'm playing this game called
Assassin's Guild where basically you get
target you have to hunt them down and
kill them with like nerf guns and stuff
like that but no I just buzz the room
number of one of my targets and they
were like hello and I like completely
bolted I was as Rebecca she was like
running up to Sainsbury's in like two
minutes
so yeah now I'm off to meet Rebecca at
Sainsbury's after a failed assassination
attempt but
so it's a busy Saturday in Cambridge I'm
just walking back to college after my
failed assassination determined to get
some work done since I have not done any
this morning but yeah I'm just walking
through the park
apparently you shouldn't walk through
here at night it's a bit dangerous but
it's okay because it's daylight and it's
a Saturday so I had lectures early this
morning which was not the nicest wake up
but oh well back to work it is to the
Jesus library which is a very nice
working space
making waffles okay so I've just handed
in some supervision work I'm in the
pigeonhole room my one is over here
but ya know I had to hand in supervision
work here today been a bit of a rush
this morning's like update great but no
I've got a nurse appointment now and
then back off to another lecture there
lab sometimes
time for my Earth Sciences lab just
finish my lecture now we all know I've
got lunch that's good so it's now time
to go to say it's bringing to grab a
sandwich and get some look so I just had
to go and register with a GP in
Cambridge but finally I can go back yeah
just walking down the high street at
least draw some money out beforehand I
get my bike back to collage we go so
I've been a bit naughty
I bought these from Sainsbury's earlier
that millionaires shortbread pieces but
they're really really tasty so it's
totally worth it I don't want to go and
do work but I need two things on tonight
so I I'm gonna go to the library
apparently it's like really dark today
or something and like other parts of the
[Music]
country do to like dust from the Sahara
like gonna click sort of thing but I'm
not disappointed cuz here in Cambridge
there's nothing so don't know what
that's about but oh well I need to get
some work done because I've got to have
an early dinner because I have got stuff
on this evening so what's good going
[Music]
so it is now the evening and I am back
from ballroom dance class and then a two
and an hour and a half
I'd like a two and a half an hour long
rehearsal the concert band because I
play the clarinet so I think that was
quite fun I'm gonna go back next week
does mean my Monday evenings are very
busy and I had to miss CAF dinner so I
literally had a bowl of shredded for
dinner this evening when I got back oh
well now I am going to go to bed I
prepare myself for another early morning
tomorrow but not as early as Wednesday
cuz I'm getting up at the crack of dawn
to go bromine slash coaxing great but no
I shall go to bed now and get my beauty
sleep bye
morning morning morning I'm running late
again what's new I'm just off to
lectures it's 8:20 I've got a cycle
there for nine o'clock and back on the
temporary card again we had a disaster
last night where basically my card broke
I don't even know what I did to it but I
came back to my staircase and you have
to like buzz your card to get into your
staircase and my card is wouldn't that
mean it like it just wasn't responding
so I started like bringing like the
rooms of people all my staff is trying
that me in no one responded thanks for
the love guys and had to go to porters
Lodge Lodge and they were like oh you
broken your card is dead luckily they're
not charging me for a new one but I got
this one now
okay lectures for the day are over over
let's say that right um basically I'm
hungry and I want lunch but it's only
11:15 which really sucks so I could get
work done because I've got to see
provisions this afternoon one for Earth
Sciences and one for physics I didn't
know that see this about I don't even
know what I'm being supervised for today
but I'm gonna go and hand in some more
supervision work now to be marked my
supervision tomorrow it's all go and
yeah I need to breed open my Earth
Sciences lecture notes I think I'm gonna
do that before lunch because at the
minute they're just going way over my
head in the lecture I'm like what is
going on I've never done this subject
before and it's not good we need to sort
it out so I'm gonna do that the hand in
my supervision work first I do not want
that to be late or I'll have a very
unhappy supervisor and off to plot we go
to hand in my work good deed
and this is cloister
I always find it rainy attract the
cleaners in the building I think she's
gonna come over in a moment basically
our bathrooms get cleaned and I've been
emptied in our rooms by clean they're
like three times a week I think and they
clean the kitchen downstairs as well
we're treated well here so yeah I just
feel really awkward I feel I hope the
basis of library now I got the sit in my
room while they clean my bathroom oh
dear sidenote
apparently my supervisor who is he's
called Matthew and I didn't think of you
much for Matt but when I handed in my
work the porter was like oh he sit for
us I am Matthew Smith and he's like oh
yeah Matt Smith who I swear has doctor
who is my supervisor Doctor Who but um
yeah I didn't think you'd be much of a
Matt but apparently he is he's quite
serious for a Matt he's good fun though
he's very eccentric but now I'm looking
forward to that supervision tomorrow but
I shall go get some work done now
probably in the library yes sir
good bye this is a piece of artwork I
did it myself no I'm kidding no this is
from the Jesus College art collection
you can basically write like paintings
and stuff to put on your hooks
I've got like a Sparrow's down on the
wall you can see but I've used this hook
for a painting which I feel matches my
kind of pinky purple color scheme quite
well so yeah making the room homely
that's what we like modern artwork
that's what Jesus has to offer and a
squirrel so I like the top floor of the
library best because it's nice and
peaceful
besides pizza no I'm always already up
out of breath oh my god
helping right it's not gonna get working
silence from now on
[Music]
so I've just finished my Earth Sciences
supervision and that downing site
this is downing where the Earth Sciences
Department is and like looks like a back
for my next evasion you know my earth
one was really useful like everything
has suddenly become clear in my mind I
was so confused after the practical
sessions my demonstrably alene ice she's
a PhD student who's also at Jesus and ya
know I'm feeling feeling so much spread
over Earth Sciences now I was really
worried it's all okay now so it's good
so that's it for this vlog I all film
some more and compiled it all into a
video for next week
so I'll see you then and yeah thanks for
watching